I'm George W Bush and I approve this
message
in fact I think it's awesome hey how you
doing America I hope you're enjoying the
freedoms and liberties that we as
Americans enjoy as you well know ever
since I took office well things have
been really really bad that seemed like
a good one oh I'm just finding my groove
I'm getting my groove on Wow ever since
I've joined office things have really
really really gotten good hey Holly what
do you think looks better how's this
well my girls both I'll go to jazz
shovel and a little tiny little tiny
thing however there are certain liberal
agitators out there who'd who'd like you
to believe that my administration is not
doing such a good job of course these
are people such as Howard Stern Richard
Clarke and the news
the thing gonna be back there the whole
time there's people out there they would
like you to believe the economy isn't
doing so well well that I answer hey for
the two million jobs we've lost that
means there's two million unemployed
people sitting at home watching repeats
of quality television such as The
Jeffersons
or facts of life and that just equals
more ad revenue to radio and TV stations
what do you mean cut well then you can
you can do it yourself
oh I didn't see you there
you caught me mending my fences one of
the many things I do here on the ranch
so my detractors would like you to think
that I'm not a friend of the environment
well that's just absolutely wrong
nothing could be more further from the
truth
good lord those things are about two
feet away oh my god and lastly I'd like
to bring kalida a terrible thing that
liberals are trying to do to you they're
trying to encourage people to vote
organizations such as act are trying to
encourage people to get out there and
vote which is just wrong I mean ever
since this country was founded a
thousand years ago it's a stick with
bushy and don't vote and don't listen to
liberals or Democrats or other
Republicans that may fly me or read the
news or watch the news except for Fox
thank you god bless
I'll use his weapon on that devil was 50
commercial facts
they look like they've extracted
she's a bear
some call Dick Cheney
yep
Wow